Docs/seo updates (#36083)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/run/index.mdx

---

> page_title: Terraform workflow for provisioning infrastructure overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Terraform workflow for provisioning infrastructure
```

> description: Learn about the Terraform workflow for provisioning infrastructure using core commands from the Terraform CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use the Terraform CLI to provision infrastructure.
```

---

> # Terraform workflow for provisioning infrastructure overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Terraform workflow for provisioning infrastructure 
```
